summer camp at rim of the world has
barely begun
when four misfit teenagers alex jinjin
daryush and gabriel find they've got
bigger problems to face than learning
how to canoe and climb ropes
when aliens suddenly invade the planet
alone in a campground once teaming with
people the kids are unexpectedly
entrusted with a key that carries the
secret to stopping the invasion
without any adults or electronics to
help guide the way
it's clear what they must do band
together
conquer their fears and save the world
alex a socially reclusive boy who
recently lost his father in a fire
reluctantly attends the summer camp in
southern california called
rim of the world he meets two other
misfits
zhinjin an orphan from china and daryush
an outspoken boy from a rich family that
afternoon
zhen jin wanders off into the woods
looking for the lookout point she had
seen on a camp poster while alex
attempts to follow
he comes across daryush who happens to
be nearby
answering the call of nature darus
mistakenly tries to cure alex's fear of
heights by making him stand near a cliff
edge
and gabriel a boy they hadn't seen at
camp before
intervenes and helps stop daryush from
trying to cure alex's fear of heights
xinjin hearing the commotion comes back
down and meets up with the boys
at that moment they all receive alarming
text advising they immediately evacuate
the area
while hurrying back they find out that
other campers have left the lake
and they witness alien ships invading
the valley
the kids head back to camp and afterward
discover the camp to be empty of people
all except for conrad a camp counselor
suddenly a dragon spacecraft fleeing the
international space station lands
heavily nearby
the dying astronaut inside the
spacecraft gives alex a key with
instructions that it
get to nasa's jet propulsion lab or jpl
facility in pasadena
and that it was the only way to destroy
the aliens an alien appears with its dog
and kills the astronaut alex and his
friends try to hide out
and later it kills conrad but alex and
his friends manage to elude the aliens
and escape the camp they make their way
to the sheriff's office and discover an
inmate
lou who has been left behind in the
sails
alex decides to release him before the
group continues on their way to the jpl
later the group encounters marines who
are evacuating civilians
the commander gratefully takes the key
and puts the children on a bus to safety
however alien ships attack the vehicle
convoy and the soldiers are killed
whereupon alex retrieves the key and the
group sets out for the jpl once more
during the night after briefly taking
refuge in gabriel's old house
gabriel explains that he is an escapee
from juvie
where he was placed due to a
misunderstanding at his mother's store
some time after they are attacked by a
gang of masked individuals
led by lou he agrees to let the kids go
but only if alex gives him the key which
lou thinks he can sell on the black
market
alex refuses and lou attempts to kill
alex with a knife
but right before lou attacks him the
alien from the camp appears
and attacks them all lou is killed but
the kids managed to escape after
trapping the alien in a backyard
swimming pool
while they are walking in the forest
daryush and gabriel fight
and daryus reveals that his father lost
their car dealership
meaning he will go to jail hence the
reason why darush was placed at the camp
the kids walk into the mall and change
clothes and after that
the group takes a car in the parking lot
which they discover
zhinjin is able to drive to quickly
journey the rest of the way to the jpl
but they are again attacked by the
pursuing aliens
they abandoned the vehicle while trying
to escape the alien and realize that
they left the key in the car
daryush attempts to go alone to get the
key only to be injured by the alien in
the process
but manages to get away with the key the
group finally makes it to the jpl
facility
but find that the doctor they were
trying to reach is dead
the kids are able to make radio contact
with a general at norad
who explains that the key holds
information that can be used to destroy
the alien mothership in orbit
via a cold war defense project named
excalibur
shenzhen goes into the basement to
restart the power generators
where she is attacked by an alien dog
while alex goes to the roof to realign
the communication dish
where he is attacked by the alien
shinjin manages to lock the dog in the
basement
and now returns to the command room to
help gabriel and the injured daryush
insert the keys that will launch the
excalibur weapon
xinjin daryush and gabriel evacuate the
jpl building
while alex lures the alien into an
engine test room
and kills it with the engine's exhaust
the teens watch from the ground as the
alien mother ship is blown up in the
atmosphere
alex is reunited with his mother and the
children are celebrated as heroes